Impossible, our Japanese warriors are invincible
Invincible, no matter what the past is
Now or the future?
Never the opponent of the Dragon Kingdom
Tangdi when the car is doomed to die
I have lived so long
How could this be?
Because of your machinations
It has long been seen through by the Dragon Lord
Dragon Lord
return
Dragon Lord Wujian
No matter what
There is someone who has experienced Dragon Kingdom.
There is someone who messes with the security of my dragon country
Someone harmed the people of my Dragon Kingdom
Zhou Xie spy
Soup washer
The red team is the main one.
Yes I am a witch people
You kill me
Lord Sun, Lord Chen
Lord Chengdu, please forgive me.
No, it will force me.
Take all three of them
Lord Chengdu, forgive me, Mr. Wei
Don't kill me
Mr. Ji
I just found a figure monitoring the venue
In order to chase him, continue to pursue after being late
And Jiang Yunhui
Keep catching up
Is there still a few years ago?
May only continue and his identity